Let get_frame_attr_names only return names, add get_frame_attr_defaults (#13484)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/coordinates/13484.bugfix.rst

Deprecate and remove internal usage of the ``BaseFrame.get_frame_attr_names``
method, which actually returns an expensive to build up to now returned dict of names pointing to their defaults.

> If you need the defaults, use the new ``BaseFrame.get_frame_attr_defaults`` instead.

Reviewer: Did something go wrong during the rewrite? And there is no need to mention that internal usage has changed, that is an implementation detail the end users should not care about.

Author: yes, fixed

> Deprecate the ``BaseFrame.get_frame_attr_names`` method,
> which actually returns an expensive to build up dict also providing
> the default values of the attributes.
> If you only need the names, use ``BaseFrame.frame_attributes.keys()``,
> if you need the defaults, use the new ``BaseFrame.get_frame_attr_defaults`` instead.

Reviewer: I think the current entry is too focused on implementation details. End users might not be too interested about some `dict` being slow to build.
```suggestion
``BaseCoordinateFrame.get_frame_attr_names()`` had a misleading name,
because it actually provided a ``dict`` of attribute names and
their default values. It is now deprecated and replaced by ``BaseCoordinateFrame.get_frame_attr_defaults()``.
The fastest way to obtain the attribute names is ``BaseFrame.frame_attributes.keys()``.
```
